c:\users\felipe\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Adopcion\Adopcion\obj\Debug\Adopcion.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\felipe\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Adopcion\Adopcion\bin\Adopcion.dll.config
c:\users\felipe\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Adopcion\Adopcion\bin\Adopcion.dll
c:\users\felipe\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Adopcion\Adopcion\bin\Adopcion.pdb
c:\users\felipe\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Adopcion\Adopcion\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\felipe\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Adopcion\Adopcion\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\felipe\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Adopcion\Adopcion\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\felipe\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Adopcion\Adopcion\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\felipe\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Adopcion\Adopcion\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\felipe\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Adopcion\Adopcion\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\felipe\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Adopcion\Adopcion\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\felipe\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Adopcion\Adopcion\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\felipe\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Adopcion\Adopcion\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\felipe\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Adopcion\Adopcion\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\felipe\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Adopcion\Adopcion\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\felipe\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Adopcion\Adopcion\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\felipe\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Adopcion\Adopcion\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\felipe\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Adopcion\Adopcion\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\felipe\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Adopcion\Adopcion\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\felipe\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Adopcion\Adopcion\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\felipe\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Adopcion\Adopcion\obj\Debug\Adopcion.dll
c:\users\felipe\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Adopcion\Adopcion\obj\Debug\Adopcion.pdb
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\Adopcion\Adopcion\bin\Adopcion.dll.config
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\Adopcion\Adopcion\bin\Adopcion.dll
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\Adopcion\Adopcion\bin\Adopcion.pdb
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\Adopcion\Adopcion\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\Adopcion\Adopcion\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\Adopcion\Adopcion\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\Adopcion\Adopcion\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\Adopcion\Adopcion\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\Adopcion\Adopcion\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\Adopcion\Adopcion\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\Adopcion\Adopcion\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\Adopcion\Adopcion\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\Adopcion\Adopcion\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\Adopcion\Adopcion\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\Adopcion\Adopcion\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\Adopcion\Adopcion\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\Adopcion\Adopcion\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\Adopcion\Adopcion\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\Adopcion\Adopcion\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\Adopcion\Adopcion\obj\Debug\Adopcion.dll
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\Adopcion\Adopcion\obj\Debug\Adopcion.pdb
